Blubrry Media Content Agreement
1. Who We Are (Blubrry): BluBrry and RawVoice Inc. are used interchangeably within this Agreement and for all purposes one and the same. We are RawVoice Inc., a Nevada corporation and developers of the Blubrry Network. Our address is at 601 East Charleston, Las Vegas, NV 89104. Questions can be directed to legal@rawvoice.com.

2. Our Goal: We at Blubrry will provide the best listener/viewer experience possible. We will do this by bringing together a variety of quality digital media shows into one network. Through our marketing and enhanced site design, we as a team have developed a community where listeners and viewers can share their favorite MyCast™ feeds and communicate with each other about their favorite media. We will build a unparalleled Internet media community where listeners and viewers and content creators can interact with other enthusiests on the Blubrry Network.

3. Our Pledge, Commitment and Notices:

a. Your RSS Feeds: Participating content creators will retain their RSS feeds. You do not have to change anything! This includes where you host your files, your RSS feeds and any other specific directory listing. Blubrry will import your existing podcast RSS feeds and migrate that data into your branded show profile on the Blubrry Network. This process will not change anything within your RSS feeds. Listeners will be able to subscribe to your original RSS feed or use the MyCast™ service on the Blubrry website.

b. MyCast: Viewers and listeners using MyCast to arrange and select their favorite shows at Blubrry.com will be able to create a custom RSS feed that will allow them to subscribe and listen/watch online to shows they have added to their profile. Their profile will be shared, so you can see who is subscribing to your show.

c. Statistics: Blubrry provides Media Statistics free to every member of the community through our Statistic Service.

d.  Advertising Revenue Share requirements:  If you so choose to participate in advertising campaigns Podcaster will be required to to utilize our stats system for campaign measurement.

e. Confidentiality: If you are involved in a voluntary ad deal with RawVoice / Blubrry we will never share your individual show numbers to any other party. We will be doing group ad buys and your numbers might be combined with others, but never independently released without your written permission. RawVoice, the parent company of Blubrry, will limit internal access to these statistics to even staff of the company. We want to assure all perspective media creators that your data will be handled as privately as possible.

4. Your Commitment to Blubrry: We expect no long-term commitment from you. You are free to terminate this agreement by giving Blubrry 10 days notice before your final podcast is pulled into the Blubrry Network. We will give you the same notice in the event we wish to terminate the agreement with you. This notice can be given to the email address at legal@rawvoice.com and we will send any notices to you to the email address that you provide to us.

a. RawVoice Inc. might send a 10-day termination notice to the content creator should the show become inactive for a period of 120 days or more.

b. There is one exception to your commitment with Blubrry and that is in the event that the Podcaster, Blubrry and a third party enter into an agreement to provide advertising for the third party.  In that event, the term of this agreement will extend to, or equal, the length of the contract with the third party.  If you breach the agreement with the third party, without cause, then you agree to reimburse RawVoice, Inc. for any expenses, including legal fees and damages that result due to the breach.

c. This agreement will be for a term of one year from the date of the content creator's signature or electronic approval. This agreement will automatically renew for a term of one year at its expiration date and continually renew for one-year terms until five years has commenced or a notice of 10 days is given to either the content creator or Blubrry, respectively, of the other's intent not to renew the agreement. The exception to this is in paragraph a. above. If this Agreement is terminated for any reason, the content creator will be paid any amounts due up to and including the date this Agreement is terminated.

d. This agreement is not an exclusive agreement between Blubrry and the content creator. You can affiliate with other networks, endorse or promote other shows, make paid or unpaid appearances and retain ownership of the content that you produce.

e. Blubrry does restrict you from independently soliciting for advertising with companies, organizations or individuals that are currently advertising with Blubrry or have advertised with Blubrry in the previous 12 months. See Current Advertisers.

f. You also agree that the content in your shows are free of copyrighted material unless you have explicit written permission to use such material or the copyrighted material clearly falls within the fair use doctrine. If your content violates copyright restrictions, or is alleged to violate copyright restrictions, you agree to indemnify RawVoice Inc., its shareholders, officers, directors and employees for any damages or expenses incurred as a result of the copyright violation, including attorney fees, whether or not a court of law finds that a copyright violation actually occurred.

f. The content of your show must be free from speech that advocates violence or speech that promotes hate. Blubrry reserves the right to immediately remove any media content from its network that in its sole discretion is deemed to violate the restrictions of this paragraph.

Subnote: Our goal is to build a community that helps each content creator grow professionally while building individual brands and audience sizes. Your show's growth and success are priority No. 1 above all else, along with monetization of your program.

5. Agreement of Confidentiality - Content creator agrees not to disclose the following:

a. The terms or content of this agreement
b. Any financial arrangements between the creator and Blubrry.
c. Any financial arrangements between any advertisers, the creator and/or Blubrry.
d. Any financial information that pertains to advertising deals being offered to you as a content creator.
e. Any information regarding the operation of the Blubrry website that is declared as confidential or proprietary by any officer, director or employee of RawVoice Inc.


6. Agreement Regarding the Nature of the Relationship between Podcaster and Blubrry:

a. The content creator is not an employee of Blubrry and is considered an Independent Contractor.

b. The content creator's personal information will not be shared with a third party.

7. The content creator declares that he/she is at least 18 years of age and is competent and has the authority to enter in to this agreement.

8. RawVoice Inc. can assign this Agreement freely and without restriction.

9. If any portion of this Agreement is declared void or unenforceable the declaration shall have no effect on the remaining portions of this Agreement.

10. The parties agree that this is the entire agreement and that there are no other Agreements verbal or implied. Any changes to this Agreement must be in writing, signed by the parties and attached to this Agreement.

11. Any dispute regarding the Agreement shall be governed and interpreted according to the laws of the State of Nevada.

12. You agree to the terms of service in this agreement by submitting your show for inclusion in the Blubrry Community. This agreement is renewed every time a new show is submitted for inclusion in the Blubrry Community. The submission of a show shall mean, but not be limited to, a change in the RSS feed used to update shows within the Blubrry Community.

Updated: 3-29-09