Cal Poly Institute for Advanced Technology and Public Policy
Digital Democracy [ http://www.digitaldemocracy.org/ ]
Web Site Terms and Conditions of Use

1. Terms

By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.

2. Use License

Permission is granted to temporarily access the materials (information or software) on Digital Democracy’s web site (www.digitaldemocracy.org) for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Digital Democracy’s web site;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Digitaldemocracy.org at any time.
3. Disclaimer

The materials on Digital Democracy’s web site are provided "as is". Digitaldemocracy.org makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Digitaldemocracy.org does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.

4. Limitations

In no event shall Digitaldemocracy.org or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Digital Democracy’s Internet site, even if Digitaldemocracy.org or a Digitaldemocracy.org authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.

5. Revisions and Errata

The materials appearing on Digital Democracy web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Digitaldemocracy.org does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. Digitaldemocracy.org may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. Digitaldemocracy.org does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.

6. Links

Digitaldemocracy.org has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Digitaldemocracy.org of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user's own risk.

7. Site Terms of Use Modifications

Digitaldemocracy.org may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.

8. Governing Law

Any claim relating to Digital Democracy’s web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of law provisions. General Terms and Conditions applicable to Use of a Web Site.

Privacy Policy

Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.

The Institute for Advanced Technology & Public Policy ("us", "we", or "our") operates www.digitaldemocracy.org (the "Site"). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site.

We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Site. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible at www.digitaldemocracy.org.

Information Collection And Use: While using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to, your name, email address, postal address and phone number ("Personal Information").

Log Data: Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, search queries, and other statistics. Digital Democracy will never associate in public any person/entity with any of the search terms or query data they have used in the system.

Security: The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Links To Other Sites: Our Site may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.

Digital Democracy has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party sites or services.

Changes To This Privacy Policy: Digital Democracy may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.