CoTweet Terms & Conditions

By using the CoTweet.com web site ("Service"), all services of CoTweet, Inc. ("CoTweet") you are agreeing to be bound by the following terms and conditions ("Terms of Service").

CoTweet reserves the right to update and change the Terms of Service from time to time without notice. Any new features that enhance the current Service, including the release of new tools and resources, shall be subject to the Terms of Service. Continued use of the Service after any such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes. You can review the most current version of the Terms of Service at any time at: http://www.CoTweet.com/terms

Violation of any of the terms below will result in the termination of your Account. While CoTweet prohibits such conduct and Content on the Service, you understand and agree that CoTweet cannot be responsible for the Content posted on the Service and you nonetheless may be exposed to such materials. You agree to use the Service at your own risk.

Account Terms

You must be 13 years or older to use this Service.
You must provide your legal full name, a valid email address, and any other information requested in order to complete the signup process.
Your login may only be used by one person — a single login shared by multiple people is not permitted. You may create separate logins for as many people as you'd like.
You must be a human. Accounts registered by "bots" or automated methods are not permitted.
You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and password. CoTweet cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage from your failure to comply with this security obligation.
You are responsible for all Content posted and activity that occurs under your account (even when Content is posted by others who have accounts under your account).
One person or legal entity may not maintain more than one free account.
You may not use the Service for any illegal or unauthorized purpose. You must not, in the use of the Service, violate any laws in your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws).
Modifications to the Service and Prices

CoTweet reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service (or any part thereof) with or without notice.
Prices of all Services, including but not limited to monthly subscription plan fees to the Service, are subject to change upon 30 days notice from us. Such notice may be provided at any time by posting the changes to the CoTweet Site (www.CoTweet.com) or the Service itself.
CoTweet shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.
Latent Accounts

CoTweet reserves the right at any time to disable your account do to inactivity — with or without notice.
Cancellation and Termination

You are solely responsible for properly canceling your account. You must send an email to info at CoTweet dot com requesting cancellation of your account.
All of your Content will be immediately deleted from the Service upon cancellation. This information can not be recovered once your account is cancelled.
CoTweet does not accept any liability for loss of Content due to Account cancellation.
If you cancel the Service before the end of your current paid up month, your cancellation will take effect immediately and you will not be charged again.
CoTweet, in its sole discretion, has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Service, or any other CoTweet service, for any reason at any time. Such termination of the Service will result in the deactivation or deletion of your Account or your access to your Account, and the forfeiture and relinquishment of all Content in your Account. CoTweet reserves the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time.
Copyright and Content Ownership

We claim no intellectual property rights over the material you provide to the Service. Your profile and materials uploaded remain yours. However, you agree to allow others to view and share your Content upon signing up for the Service.
CoTweet does not pre-screen Content, but CoTweet and its designee have the right (but not the obligation) in their sole discretion to refuse or remove any Content that is available via the Service.
The look and feel of the Service is copyright © 2008 CoTweet, Inc. All rights reserved. You may not duplicate, copy, or reuse any portion of the HTML/CSS or visual design elements without express written permission from CoTweet.
General Conditions

Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The service is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis.
Technical support is only provided to paying account holders and is only available via email.
You understand that CoTweet uses third party vendors and hosting partners to provide the necessary hardware, software, networking, storage, and related technology required to run the Service.
You must not modify, adapt or hack the Service or modify another website so as to falsely imply that it is associated with the Service, CoTweet, or any other CoTweet service.
You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service without the express written permission by CoTweet.
We may, but have no obligation to, remove Content and Accounts containing Content that we determine in our sole discretion are unlawful, offensive, threatening, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or otherwise objectionable or violates any party's intellectual property or these Terms of Service.
Verbal, physical, written or other abuse (including threats of abuse or retribution) of any CoTweet customer, employee, member, or officer will result in immediate account termination.
You understand that the technical processing and transmission of the Service, including your Content, may be transferred unencrypted and involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.
You must not upload, post, host, or transmit unsolicited email, SMSs, or "spam" messages.
You must not transmit any worms or viruses or any code of a destructive nature.
If your bandwidth usage exceeds 300 MB/month, or significantly exceeds the average bandwidth usage (as determined solely by CoTweet) of other CoTweet customers, we reserve the right to immediately disable or impose restrictions upon your Account until you can reduce your bandwidth consumption.
CoTweet does not warrant that (i) the service will meet your specific requirements, (ii) the service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free, (iii) the results that may be obtained from the use of the service will be accurate or reliable, (iv) the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you through the service will meet your expectations, and (v) any errors in the Service will be corrected.
You expressly understand and agree that CoTweet shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses (even if CoTweet has been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from: (i) the use or the inability to use the service; (ii) the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services resulting from any goods, data, information or services purchased or obtained or messages received or transactions entered into through or from the service; (iii) unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data; (iv) statements or conduct of any third party on the service; (v) or any other matter relating to the service.
The failure of CoTweet to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. The Terms of Service constitutes the entire agreement between you and CoTweet and govern your use of the Service, superseding any prior agreements between you and CoTweet (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the Terms of Service).
Questions about the Terms of Service should be sent to support at CoTweet dot com.