Delicious Privacy Policy
Last Updated: April 27, 2011

AVOS Systems, Inc. (“AVOS”, “our”, “us” or “we”) provides this Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information we receive from users of www.delicious.com and any other domains owned and controlled by AVOS through which the Service is accessible (collectively, the “Site”) and the Delicious bookmarklet add-on for your internet browser (the “Delicious Bookmarklet”) (any and all of the foregoing, the “Service”). This Privacy Policy applies only to information that you provide to us through the Service.  This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time.  We will notify you of any material changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site or via the Delicious Bookmarklet.  You are advised to consult this policy regularly for any changes.

As used in this policy, the terms “using” and “processing” information include using cookies on a computer, subjecting the information to statistical or other analysis and using or handling information in any way, including, but not limited to collecting, storing, evaluating, modifying, deleting, using, combining, disclosing and transferring information within our organization or among our affiliates within the United States or internationally.

Information Collection and Use
Our primary goals in collecting information are to provide and improve our Service and its features and content, to administer your membership and to enable users to enjoy and easily navigate the Site.

Personally Identifiable Information.

In the course of using the Service, we will ask you for personally identifiable information.  This refers to information about you that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Information”).  Personal Information includes, but is not limited to, your name and email address.  We use your Personal Information mainly to provide the Service and administer your inquiries.
We also collect the other information that you provide as part of registration and the administration and personalization of your user experience (e.g., without limitation, zip code (on its own), gender and geolocation) (“Non-Identifying Information”).
We use your Personal Information (in some cases, in conjunction with your Non-Identifying Information) mainly to provide the Service, complete your transactions, and administer your inquiries.
Certain Non-Identifying Information would be considered a part of your Personal Information if it were combined with other identifiers (for example, combining your zip code with your street address) in a way that enables you to be identified.  But the same pieces of information are considered Non-Identifying Information when they are taken alone or combined only with other non-identifying information (for example, your viewing preferences).  We may combine your Personal Information with Non-Identifying Information and aggregate it with information collected from other Delicious Users (defined below) to attempt to provide you with a better experience, to improve the quality and value of the Service and to analyze and understand how our Site and Service are used.  We may also use the combined information without aggregating it to serve you specifically, for instance to deliver a product to you according to your preferences or restrictions.
We will also use your Personal Information to contact you with Delicious newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you.  If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications or update your “Settings” information. (See “Changing or Deleting Information,” below.)
Log Data.  When you use our Service as a registered user or a non-registered user (e.g., just browsing the Site or interacting with a Delicious Bookmarklet) (any of these, a “Delicious User”), our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website (“Log Data”).  This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type or the webpage you were visiting before you came to our Site, pages of our Site that you visit, the time spent on those pages, information you search for via our Service, access times and dates, and other statistics.  We use this information to monitor and analyze use of the Service and for the Service’s technical administration, to increase our Service’s functionality and user-friendliness, and to better tailor it to our visitors’ needs.  For example, some of this information is collected so that when you visit the Site again, it will recognize you and serve advertisements and other information appropriate to your interests.  We also use this information to verify that users of our Service meet the criteria required to process their requests.  We do not treat Log Data as Personal Information, though we may aggregate, analyze and evaluate such information for the same purposes as stated above regarding other Non-Identifying Information.

Cookies
Like many websites, we use “cookies”  to collect information.  A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer’s hard disk for record-keeping purposes.  We use cookies for two purposes.  First, we utilize persistent cookies to save your login information for future logins to the Service.  Second, we utilize session ID cookies to enable certain features of the Service, to better understand how you interact with the Site and to monitor aggregate usage by Delicious Users and web traffic routing on the Site.  Unlike persistent cookies, session cookies are deleted from your computer when you log off from the Service and then close your browser.  Third party advertisers on the Site may also place or read cookies on your browser.  You can instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit.  If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the Site or all functionality of the Service.

Web Beacons
We also use “web beacons,” “pixel tags,” “clear GIFs” or similar means (individually or collectively “Web Beacons”) on our Site.  A Web Beacon is an electronic image, often a single pixel, embedded on web pages.  Web Beacons are ordinarily not visible to users.  Web Beacons allow us to count the number of Delicious Users who have visited certain pages of the Site, to deliver branded services and to generate statistics about how our Site is used.

Phishing
Identity theft and the practice currently known as “phishing” are of great concern to AVOS.  Safeguarding information to help protect you from identity theft is a top priority.  We do not and will not, at any time, request your credit card information, login information, or national identification numbers in a non-secure or unsolicited e-mail or telephone communication.  For more information about phishing, visit the Federal Trade Commission’s website.

Information Sharing and Disclosure

Registered Users.  When you register through the Site and submit your Personal Information to create a profile webpage, Delicious Users will see your “Screen Name” and first and last name (“Required Member Identifiers”). You can choose what other Personal Information you provide as part of your profile (“Other Member Information”) and in some cases you can choose whether to share that information publicly on the Site by making selections via the “Settings” section of your profile webpage.  Providing Other Member Information is voluntary and should correlate with the degree of interaction you want to have with Delicious Users.  We recommend that you guard your anonymity and sensitive information.

Bookmarking. If you choose to create a bookmark via the Service, such bookmark will be publicly viewable via the Service in connection with your Required Member Identifiers unless you choose to mark your submission as private. Further, if you choose to provide any comments, notes or tags related to your bookmarks or the bookmarks of another Delicious User, such comments, notes or tags will also be publicly viewable.

Delicious Blog and Forum. If you choose to post a comment or message on the Delicious Blog or via the Delicious Forum, such comment will be publicly viewable via the Site, along with your “Screen Name”.

Aggregate Information and Non-Identifying Information.  We may share aggregated information that does not include Personal Information and we may otherwise disclose Non-Identifying Information and Log Data with third parties for industry analysis, demographic profiling and other purposes.  Any aggregated information shared in these contexts will not contain your Personal Information.

Third Party Social Networking Services. Registered users may link their accounts with certain third party social networking services (“SNSs”).  In these instances, with your permission and on your behalf, we will share your Personal Information, including, but not limited to, information contained in your profile and any bookmarks with the applicable SNS.  Through use of such services’ APIs we also receive certain information (which may include your Personal Information) in accordance with the privacy settings you have set in your SNS account, if any.  Other than what we may share with the SNS in connection with your linking of accounts, the personal information an SNS has about you is obtained by the SNS independent of our Service.  Other services follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them.  We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other services you use.

Service Providers.  We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Site-related services (e.g., without limitation, maintenance services, database management, web analytics and improvement of the Service’s features) or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.  These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement.  AVOS cooperates with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law.  We will disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of AVOS or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, any illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity.

Business Transfers.  AVOS may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your Personal Information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy.

Changing or Deleting Your Information
All registered users may review, update, correct or delete the Personal Information in their registration profile by contacting us or via the “Settings” section of the Site.  If you completely delete all such information, then your account may become deactivated.  If you would like us to delete your record in our system, please contact us at account_support@avos.com with a request that we delete your Personal Information from our database. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request.  We may retain an archived copy of your records as required by law or for legitimate business purposes.

Security
AVOS is very concerned with safeguarding your information.  We employ reasonable physical, technological, and administrative security measures and attempt to ensure they are applicable under the circumstances (e.g., we encrypt certain information using secure socket layer technology (SSL)).  No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however.  Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

We will make any legally required disclosures of any  breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of your unencrypted electronically stored “personal data” (as defined in applicable state statutes on security breach notification) to you via email or conspicuous posting on the Site in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, insofar as consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or (ii) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system.

International Transfer
Your information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction.  If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, AVOS transfers Personal Information to the United States and processes it there.  Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.

Links to Other Sites
Our Service contains links to other websites.  If you choose to visit an advertiser or third party website by “clicking on” a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s website.  The fact that we link to a website is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices.  We do not exercise control over third party websites.  These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you.  Other sites follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them.  We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit.

Our Policy Toward Children
This Service is not directed to children under 13.  We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13.   If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personal Information without their consent, he or she should contact us at account_support@avos.com.  If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our files.

Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at contact@avos.com.